[SDK-2852] Update qs for go backend (#9903)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/backend/golang/01-authorization.md

## Validate Access Tokens

### Download dependencies

> Start by adding a `go.mod` file to list all the dependencies to be used.

Reviewer: Suggestion for conciseness:

```suggestion
Add a `go.mod` file to list all the dependencies to be used.
```

Author: Updated!:) https://github.com/auth0/docs/pull/9903/commits/17d967e6f36ebbb021e7e8b06ae576f200647e13

```text
// go.mod

module 01-Authorization-RS256

go 1.16

require (
	github.com/auth0/go-jwt-middleware v1.0.1-0.20210719135851-6401fcf7191b
	github.com/gin-contrib/cors v1.3.1
	github.com/gin-gonic/gin v1.7.4
	github.com/golang-jwt/jwt v3.2.1+incompatible
	github.com/joho/godotenv v1.4.0
)
```

> We can now make the dependencies available for us by running the following shell command:

Reviewer: Similar to comments on the other PR, try to steer clear from using "we" unless it's an Auth0 recommendation. Normally stick to "you". Or better, stick to the imperative voice when talking about instructions (quickstarts are mostly instructional). See [voice](https://github.com/auth0/docs/blob/master/STYLEGUIDE.md#voice) in the StyleGuide.

Consider:

```suggestion
Download dependencies by running the following shell command:
```

Author: Updated!:) https://github.com/auth0/docs/pull/9903/commits/17d967e6f36ebbb021e7e8b06ae576f200647e13

```shell
go mod download
```

::: note
This example uses `gin` for routing, but you can use whichever router you want.
:::

### Configure your application

Create a `.env` file within the root of your project directory to store the app configuration, and fill in the
environment variables:

```sh
# The URL of our Auth0 Tenant Domain.
# If you're using a Custom Domain, be sure to set this to that value instead.
AUTH0_DOMAIN='${account.namespace}'

# Our Auth0 API's Identifier.
AUTH0_AUDIENCE='YOUR_API_IDENTIFIER'
```

### Create a middleware to validate Access Tokens

> The Access Token validation will be done in the `EnsureValidToken` middleware function which can be applied to any 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access Token validation will be done in the `EnsureValidToken` middleware function which can be applied to any 
```

I would also put this paragraph onto one line instead of 3.

Author: Updated!:) https://github.com/auth0/docs/pull/9903/commits/17d967e6f36ebbb021e7e8b06ae576f200647e13

func EnsureValidToken() gin.HandlerFunc {
	keyFunc := func(token *jwt.Token) (interface{}, error) {
		certificate, err := getPEMCertificate(token)
		if err != nil {
			return token, err
		}

		return jwt.ParseRSAPublicKeyFromPEM([]byte(certificate))
	}

	customClaims := func() jwtgo.CustomClaims {
		return &CustomClaims{}
	}

	validator, err := jwtgo.New(
		keyFunc,
		signatureAlgorithm,
		jwtgo.WithCustomClaims(customClaims),
	)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatalf("Failed to set up the jwt validator")
	}

	m := jwtmiddleware.New(validator.ValidateToken)

	return func(ctx *gin.Context) {
		var encounteredError = true
		var handler http.HandlerFunc = func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
			encounteredError = false
			ctx.Request = r
			ctx.Next()
		}

		m.CheckJWT(handler).ServeHTTP(ctx.Writer, ctx.Request)

		if encounteredError {
			ctx.AbortWithStatusJSON(
				http.StatusUnauthorized,
				map[string]string{"message": "Failed to validate JWT."},
			)
		}
	}
}
```

<%= include('../_includes/_api_jwks_description') %>

Create the function to get the remote JWKS for your Auth0 account and return the certificate with the public key in PEM
format.

```go

> // 👆 We're continuing from the steps above. Append this to your middleware/jwt.go file.

Reviewer 2: 👏🏼

## Protect API Endpoints

> To protect individual routes pass the `middleware` defined above to the `gin` route.

Reviewer: This is just a suggestion but I think some punctuation can help here.

```suggestion
To protect individual routes, pass `middleware` (defined above) to the `gin` route.
```

Author: Updated!:) https://github.com/auth0/docs/pull/9903/commits/17d967e6f36ebbb021e7e8b06ae576f200647e13

        }
    }

    return false
}
```

Use this function in the endpoint that requires the scope `read:messages`.

```go
// 👆 We're continuing from the steps above. Append this to your main.go file.

func main() {
    // ...
    
    // This route is only accessible if the user has a
    // valid access_token with the read:messages scope.
    router.GET(
        "/api/private-scoped",
        middleware.EnsureValidToken(),
        func(ctx *gin.Context) {
            claims := ctx.Request.Context().Value(jwtmiddleware.ContextKey{}).(*middleware.CustomClaims)
            
            if !claims.HasScope("read:messages") {
                response := map[string]string{"message": "Insufficient scope."}
                ctx.JSON(http.StatusForbidden, response)
                return
            }
            
            response := map[string]string{
                "message": "Hello from a private endpoint! You need to be authenticated to see this.",
            }
            ctx.JSON(http.StatusOK, response)
        },
    )
    
    // ...
}
```

In our example, we only checked for the `read:messages` scope. You may want to extend the `HasScope` function or make it

> a standalone middleware that accepts multiple roles to fit your use case.

Reviewer 2: Maybe do not use 'roles' terminology, but 'scopes' or 'values' instead.

> a standalone middleware that accepts multiple scopes to fit your use case.

Reviewer: Consider putting onto one line. And again, consider the voice being used:

```suggestion
In this example, only the `read:messages` scope is checked. You may want to extend the `HasScope` function or make it a standalone middleware that accepts multiple scopes to fit your use case.
```

Author: Updated!:) https://github.com/auth0/docs/pull/9903/commits/17d967e6f36ebbb021e7e8b06ae576f200647e13
